Karpenter interruption handling (#260)
aws/aws-eks-best-practices: content/karpenter/index.md

      'c6g.16xlarge'
```

> ### Enable Interruption handling when using Spot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enable Interruption Handling when using Spot
```

> As of Karpenter v0.19.3 there is [native node termination handling](https://karpenter.sh/v0.21.1/concepts/deprovisioning/#interruption) baked into Karpenter that watches for upcoming involuntary interruption events that would cause disruption to your workloads such as;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in v0.19.3, Karpenter supports [native interruption handling](https://karpenter.sh/preview/concepts/deprovisioning/#interruption), enabled through the `aws.interrupionQueue` value in [Karpenter settings](https://karpenter.sh/preview/concepts/settings/#configmap). Interruption handling will watch for upcoming involuntary interruption events that would cause disruption to your workloads such as:
```

- Spot Interruption Warnings
- Scheduled Change Health Events (Maintenance Events)
- Instance Terminating Events
- Instance Stopping Events

> When Karpenter detects one of these events will occur to your nodes, it automatically cordons, drains, and terminates the node(s) ahead of the interruption event to give the maximum amount of time for workload cleanup prior to compute disruption. It is disadvised to use AWS Node Termination Handler alongside Karpenter as explained [here](https://karpenter.sh/v0.21.1/faq/#interruption-handling).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Karpenter detects one of these events will occur to your nodes, it automatically cordons, drains, and terminates the node(s) ahead of the interruption event to give the maximum amount of time for workload cleanup prior to interruption. It is not advised to use AWS Node Termination Handler alongside Karpenter as explained [here](https://karpenter.sh/preview/faq/#interruption-handling).

Pods that require checkpointing or other forms of graceful draining, requiring the 2-mins before shutdown should enable Karpenter interruption handling in their clusters.
```
